 Ok, Gucci backpack, fresh black Adidas
I'm rolling on a pill, rolling up some reefers
Declining all the Keishas, replying to the Kims
Still knocking boots like hammers on timbs
I'm a motherfucker baby, Weezy F. Baby
Yeah I get it wet and I keep it wet baby
I can make a dyke say she leaving that lady
I can make a lady say she leaving that pussy ass nigga
That gave her that baby, now she with
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F. Baby
Hahaha, Weezy F. Baby, hahaha, yeah,
Whatcha gon', whatcha gon', whatcha gon' do?
When Nina Ross come and put that pussy on you
You probably still a virgin, I'mma bust your cherry
And I'mma come through in something so cherry
And I'm sittin' on Pirellis, pumpin Machiavelli
Showed you girlfriend my house she think I live in a telly
Just bought a jet I'm 'bout to take that bitch to L.A.
Bitch I never met I'm 'bout to meet that bitch in L.A.
Ooh, I'm feeling myself, I'm so fly shawty think I really fly stealths
I'm so paid shawty I could really buy stealths
And I'm feeling my belt, I'm feeling my sneaks
'Cause I don't see them on anybody
Got the Semi by me for anybody
Yeah I'm from uptown, yeah I'm from uptown, yeah I'm from uptown
Eastside, I'm lighting up two blunts at one time
And I thank God I can say fuck one time
I'm sippin' out of two cups at one time
And I thank God I can say fuck one time
Fuck one time, fuck one time, fuck one time, thank God
Loui V. bag, all black hammerLoui V. shoes with the Loui bandana
The Loui phone case with the sidekick case
Might put L.V. on the side of my bitch face
Man I'm a dog, I go so hard
Man I'm a dog, 'bout to come in your yard
'Bout to, 'bout to cum in your lady
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F. Baby, hahaha
Weezy F., Weezy F., Weezy F. Baby, hahaha
And Young Mula Baby, can't forget that
How would you do that?
I beat that track 'til that bitch be black
It's Weezy F. the monster, even F your mama
Even ex your mama, leave you next to mama
You are so pussy gonorrhea's your aroma
Blind gynecologist could see that your vagina
Me, me, me turn beef to bologna
And you go around me like a Honda
Better yet she ride me like Travis Pastrana
Fuck the X Games, it's ecstasy games
Show me a mirror 'cause I'm so glad to meet Wayne
And I'm feeling myself, So fly shawty think I really fly stealths
But I'm so paid shawty I could really buy stealths
But I'm feeling my belt, I'm feeling my sneaks 'cause
I ain't never seen them on anybody
Got the Semi by me for anybody
Yeah I'm from uptown, yeah I'm from uptown
Eastside!