 imma make it juice for you haha..chit..marley i be ya!!shout out 2shotz! ummhmm.... im goin in(lil wayne)
i gotta bitch name keisha she a real dick pleaser,but shawty from cuba still workin on a visa. her girlfriend lisa met her in porto rica, how she dont suck dick but expecting me to eat her? that hoe crazy! man and yall dont wanna met her, but her home girl nita swallow cum by the liter, she look good in boardshorts and a beater. but this other girl quita way sexier den nita! i aint lyin she da..hottest bitch heatah. but ima fuckin freezah! yea, ima leave her, yea ima fuckin eagle flyer and deeper smoke like a cahiba, ya hoe give me cerebral! now get low and touch ya toe for my people, if you aint fuckin them you aint fuckin me either! ya think ya man hot well fuck it me ether...heard i got a guap wanna kick it like f.i.f.a., everyday christmas cause im smokin that reefa! keep a lot of bitches like queen latifah.i am southern land not keefer.Y-M-E for young money entertain...run dummy finna bang it! you want beef then my money will arrange it..i am not fuckin finna aim it! but dat nina rush shout for me when im angry..yah!, hollygrove biatch! sloppy like joe ya bettah go get G.I...all my guns knee high, m-o-n-e-y thats what i re-ly.. on.. im gone! he high yup im 3high, im jus schoolin these fucks like de-vry college intitution,finals and confusion,stop with your excuses hip-hop i am seducin. eat ya like producers, or eat ya like produce, man i fuck ya girl till her pussy got no juice, now she cant produce. so you wont be needin that baby. cause all you really need is weezy f. baby!(DJ drama)
ight let me vent for a min..see the problem i got with the game is, theres no gate keepers in hip-hop!! whose lettin these wack niggas in?? i mean can somebody please put a combination lock on the door? and stop givin out the code!!..god damn!!
hey millz show em how its done!!(jae millz)
i knew this freak named tanya from around the way, she used to go to catholic school back in the day,now she strippin in sue's for a stack a day, but she bring it all to daddy so thats okay,i gotta bitch named lola true dick smokah,part-time broker late nite she work at strokers, her cousin name mocah got a insane spine and its crazy cause i fucked em both at the same time, i even gotta bitch in the bay name jessica,i swear she might give the best mouth in america, vanessa gotta attitude,but her ass meaner, and she remind me of this hoe i used to fuck name sabrina, ugly lil thang from the home of the ravens. i only kept her around cos her ass was amazing. tiffany and emily my bona fide sluts, when i cum they touch tounges and share dat nut. gotta white chick down in florida name sasha, and her momma her head golden like an oscar. and i met her thru tasha, at the condo she let me fuck her on the washer. september nigga so you kno he nasty and if she nasty then we do the nasty..naw i tell a bitch like this you gotta take like 10 dicks before you meet the president, young money!(gangsta grillz bastud)(wayne)
i kno this one hunny, i call her trakstar cause when we fuck she run from me. and im hella fly but her dude dum bummy. and i dont get girls i make her get one for me, my weed real plummy and real gummy. and my flow is harder than an anvil hunny, shoot these niggas wit the hand held hunny. i paper chase fuck stand still money! niggas kill wit me and kill for me. best belive we ridin if the fan belt runnin. leave a muh fucka jus layin there bloody. im from the dirty and i make it rain, DAMN thats muddy! she just wanna be my cuddy buddy, and on these tracks i go nutty buddy. what it dizzle is you or is you AINT..MY..BABY !