 Yeah, I see you big bro, 
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah, hahaStraight off the block with it
Eagle Street to be specific
I'm peepin' at your people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing I'm just sprinting
Cus I don't wanna finish
They diminish, I replenish
Scientific
I'm out this world hoe
I wear bright red like a girl toe
No homo, fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since 12:30 A-M
Weigh them, if they short take them right back and spray him, Amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne and every time I do it I do my thing, yeah
Believe that like a true story
Rims big make the car look like its two stories
If I hop out, that be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine, I don't fantasize
I mastermind, then go after mine
You see I handle mine, I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch it's hammer time
So excuse me as I dent him test some venom
Just repeal 'em, I'm a kill 'em
Someone tell 'em, I'm a kill 'em
I'm a fill him up his mama can't tell 'em and the doctors cant heal 'em, I'mma kill 'em
And we sell 'em, I know you smell 'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
Be in the morning at your telly
Whole keys go for twenty, half a key go for eleven, after me there will be nothing
I Am Legend and I Will Smith
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitchThat's how you let the beat build bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build bitch
Let the beat build bitch
And the beat go
Boom... b-boom-ba-boom
Boom... b-boom-ba-boom
It go boom... b-boom-ba-boom
Now say... (yeah yeah yeah)Come on
Just a snare in the 808
Weezy baby on the mic, be awake
Ok, I'd like to thank Kanye and my nigga Diesel for giving me this diesel
Like a F-350, tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my iPhone
I'm a take it one two way back
Like a silk white beater and a wave cap or the wave pool at blue bayou
And I waved fool as I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you but I wouldn't try you, feed you to Pyru
I know what I'm doin', I sure improve it, show improvement
And I know just to go to it, don't amount to your influent, whatever
How you wanna do it? We can do it like we late
Ay wait Diesel let me just get the 8O8
As I hit the kill switch
Now that's how you let the beat build bitchThat's how you let the beat build bitch
That's how you let the beat build bitch
Let the beat build bitch
And the beat go
Boom... b-boom-ba-boom
It go boom... ba-boom-boom
The beat go boom... ba-boom-boom
Now everybody say... (yeah yeah yeah)And I am... the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lying?
Damn, I'm a get in the niggas chest like bunch a phlegm
Like a fucking ram, I'm a hunt for the lamb
I'm a dump 'em man, in a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Kam
Nigga fuck your plan, fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch to fuck your man and fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh, Goddamn, there's my sound, po-play likes that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos
And I meant every tear and I'm still on that street shit, 
back to the beat bitchThat's how you let the beat build bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build bitch
Let the beat build and say (yeah yeah yeah)
And the beat go
Boom... b-boom-ba-boom
It go boom... ba-boom-boom
The beat go boom... ba-boom-boom
Now everybody say... yeah
And the beat go
Boom... b-boom-ba-boom
It go boom... ba-boom-boom
The beat go boom... b-boom-ba-boom
Now say... (yeah yeah yeah)