 Hit me
Shit
You already know x3...
Damn...It's datt hustler musik
Young Wezzy got dat muthafuckin hustler music...
So ride to it yo, vibe to it yo
Damn...Goddamn
Missed and hit a nigga in his head with this oneI'm gonna paint the city red with this one
I'm ahead with this one
See you fucking with the boys who tote toys way before Christmas.No assistance just That persistence with That commitment if - I don't get it somebody gonna die tonight -
I know my vibe is tight - And I deserve the throne - if the kid ain't right - then let me die in his souls.
I'll be ridingRiding alone
with my daddy on my mind like you gotta be kiddingHow the hell you ain't here to see your prince do his thing?
Sometimes I wanna drop a tear but no emotions from a king
Shall be
So I be who I be
That's me, that's Weezy F. Baby and
Please say the motherfucking
So I be who I be
That's me, that's Weezy F. Baby andPlease say the motherfuckingBaby you gotta know that I'm just out here doing what I gotta do for me and you and we eating
So bitch
Why the fuck is you tripping?
I'm taking these chances
My head to the sky
My feet on the ground
My fingers to the judge if the money don't move
And I won't budge
Won't budge
No I won't budge no
NallMoney is the motivation
Facing the avenue
Back touchin' the wall
Got the weed
Got the gun
Gotta run wen I hear that bird call (birrr) dang
Hop in that thing and merk off
swerve off
you know me, they call me Birdman Jr.
Anybody body murderer
Birdman sponsor it
Phantom of the opera
All black - clock tent - locked in
I can let them shots out
you can't get no shots in
Bullet proof
Leave a nigga with a bullet proof
Shoot you in your mouth and call it bullet tooth
I'm like what they do
What to do
There's a full court
Pressure I'm just going for the two
If I'm open for the three
I'm gonna take it in a second
Even if there's one second and
I'm gonna make it. It's nothing
I don't take it for granted
I don't take it for nothing.
I take it for what it is worth to the durf motherfucker
(yeah)I ain't never killed nobody I promise
I promise if you try me
you gonna have to rewind this track and make me go back, that nigga go that
That boy will lay flat so flat
That act is what I perform amongst you haters
Got Nina in my palm and I'm masturbating (black)
Peter Pan flies 'til I die what you saying
Baden ape, Yves Saint, Evisu is what I stand
Got me feelin' like Scarface, like the Koheba
Streets reply I look right in the for seater
You know I be out here riding the for seater
Top floor of the for Seasons four of them whores
And they all know how to cook it up
And look I got some
And only one know how to bag, bitch bundle up
See it's a cold world so homey bundle up
We ain't on this grind for nothing
Now get you hustle upBaby you gotta kno dat I'm just out here doin what I gotta do 4 me and you
And we eatin
So bitch
Y da fuck iz you trippin.
I'm takin dese chances
My head 2 da sky
My feet on da ground
My fingas 2 da judge if da money don't move
Then I won't budge (won't budge)
No I won't budge
No nawMan Man this be that hustler musik, Young Weezy got that muthafuckin hustler musik yo, so ride to it yo, and vibe to it yo, I'm asking y'all please (please)
Young Weezy got that hustla musik, Young Weezy got that muthafuckin hustler musik, ride to it yo, vibe to it yo, (vibe to it yo, pshh, psh)It's trill shit man, it's Real talk man, it's how we do it how we did it how we done it hey, it's tril shit man, it's real talk boy, it's how we do it how we did it how we done it, I ain't braging I ain't boostin it's the way it go, I ain't braging I ain't boostin that's the way it is, better guard your kids, guard your face better guard your body, we warned the place, we here
Fuck bitches it's young money
Nigga.