 J-J-J-J-B, yeah, whoa, oh, whoa, no.Now I can see it, girl.
You ain't gotta say nothing, no.
Your lips are calling me
Like they wanna do something.
I feel the chemistry.
Yeah, you're into me.
A little kiss is a definite possibility.Seen you a couple times,
Had a couple conversations.
Since you've been on my mind
Made a couple observations.
Like you're a fly chick.
You could be my chick.
Play by the rules and you can get what I give.Just keep it quiet, keep it on the hush.
And what we do keep it just between us.
I don't wanna see you tweet about J.B.
'Cause the only people that should know is you and me.So, baby,
I know that you're cool with rocking with me,
But I can't have you telling everybody
You got me all twisted with your lips like this.So, tell me, tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss me
Then tell everybody
That you got me twisted with your lips, girl?
Are you gonna kiss and tell?It's confidential,
No one has to do with it
But you and me, girl.
Telling would ruin it.
Don't need that TMZ
All in our privacy.
Use them lips for kissing, girl,
If you wanna ride with me.And if you wanna tell somebody
Then we can call the whole thing off.
No problem.
You can go your way,
And I'll go mine,
But I'd rather spend a little time with you, yeah.Just keep it quiet, keep it on the hush.
And what we do keep it just between us.
I don't wanna see you tweet about J.B.
'Cause the only people that should know is you and me.So, baby,
I know that you're cool with rocking with me,
But I can't have (good kiss) you telling everybody (everybody)
You got me all twisted with your lips like this.So tell me, tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss me
Then tell everybody
That you got me twisted with your lips, girl?
Are you gonna kiss and tell, tell?Said, are you gonna kiss and tell, tell?
Said, are you gonna kiss and tell, tell?
Said, are you gonna kiss and tell, yeah, kiss and tell, oh?Don't tell your homies.
Don't tell your mama.
Don't tell your girlfriends.
That'll start some drama.
Stay off that Facebook.
I'll treat you real good.
You keep this private,
And you can get what I give.Baby,
I know that you're cool with rocking with me,
But I can't have you telling everybody (Everybody knows.)
You got me all twisted with your lips like thisSo tell me, tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss (kiss), kiss and tell?
Tell me, are you gonna kiss me
Then tell everybody
That you got me twisted with your lips, girl?
Are you gonna kiss and tell, oh, kiss and tell?
Whoa, ohI'm not about that
If you're gonna kiss and tell.No, no, no.If you're gonna kiss and tell.
If you're gonna kiss and tell.
That's not me.